:bookmark: [#664] Release version 3.2.0 (#666)
maykinmedia/objects-api: CHANGELOG.rst

Change history
==============

3.2.0 (2025-09-15)
------------------

.. warning::

  This release adds a GINIndex on ``data_attrs``, which might slow down writes to ObjectRecord
  occasionally, when this index is updated. The migration that adds this index concurrently, so it
  does not lock the table while migrating, but adding the index might take some time if the table
  contains a lot of ObjectRecords.

  No additional Postgres extensions are required to use this index.

**Features**

> * [:open-api-framework:`661`] Add GINIndex on ObjectRecord.data to improve performance when filtering on ``data_attrs``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [:objects-api:`661`] Add GINIndex on ObjectRecord.data to improve performance when filtering on ``data_attrs``
```
